Sup J, just brainstorming some for the website and wanted to gather my ideas and outline them. I'm more than happy to hear any feedback and recommendations from you as well though, none of this is set in stone...just what I've put together but I'm just one man so any advice is definitely appreciated!
1. Website format:
a. Homepage – white backdrop with revamped logo, “Wang Anesthesia Management”, and “WAM” displayed.
b. An easily seen query tab/link so that those who need anesthesia services can easily contact me without having to navigate away from home page.


c. Verbage ON THE HOME PAGE that includes (open to any recommendations on how to reword or improve this but something like this) – “We have an on-call provider EVERY single day on standby for those last minute add-on cases, emergencies, sick calls, etc. so that all of our clients will always have the added security of a backup provider when needed, no matter the reason. A courtesy that we give to all of our clients!”
d. Verbage ON THE HOME PAGE that includes (open to any recommendations on how to reword or improve this but something like this) OR we could maybe put an extra tab like “Think you’re a good fit?” or “Employment Opportunities” or “Interested in joining our practice?”, etc. but I would like the following verbage listed – “Do your professional, employment, and ethical values align with ours? Do you share the same vision? We welcome anyone who shares our passion for perioperative patient care to apply and become one of our sincerely valued providers here at Wang Anesthesia Management! We humbly invite you to contact us!”
e. Tabs – ABOUT US, OUR(?) SERVICES, OUR PROVIDERS, VISION STATEMENT, ABOUT THE FOUNDER(?), CONTACT US
2. Tabs

a. ABOUT US – 

Established in 2012, Wang Anesthesia Management is a private practice medical group of extremely qualified and fully licensed anesthesia providers (certified registered nurse anesthetists and anesthesiologists) with significant years of reputable experience. Our anesthesia group proficiently covers all types of anesthesia as well as surgeries and every one of our providers prides themselves in providing safe, compassionate, and high quality anesthesia care to each and every single one of our patients. NO EXCEPTIONS. 

We currently cover hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, medical offices, pain management centers, podiatry offices, etc. in the greater Los Angeles area from as far north as Antelope Valley to as far south as Orange County. At Wang Anesthesia Management, we sincerely believe in building a long-term relationship with our clients and fostering that relationship over a lifetime. It is our privilege to serve you and your patients whether it be for ongoing needs, last minute coverage, or even spot coverage!


b. OUR SERVICES – 

Our services at Wang Anesthesia Management encompass the entire perioperative anesthesia spectrum. Our anesthesia professionals are there from beginning to end and provide the utmost quality preoperative, intraoperative, and postoperative anesthetic care to every single one of our patients. We ensure our patients are safe and comfortable throughout the entire perioperative period as our patients are our absolute highest priority. Our providers manage high caliber anesthetics for every single type of surgery and it would be an honor to do so for your medical facility! We proficiently provide the following types of anesthetic services:

- General Anesthesia
- Monitored Anesthesia Care (MAC) / Conscious Sedation
- Regional Anesthesia
- Peripheral nerve blocks (interscalene, infra/supra clavicular, axillary, adductor canal, femoral, fascia iliaca, etc.)
- Bier blocks
- Labor epidurals
- Spinals
- Obstetrical Anesthesia
- Pain Management
- Complete Anesthesia Billing

c. OUR PROVIDERS – 

EVERY single one of our providers prides themselves in providing safe, compassionate, and high quality anesthesia care to each and every single one of our patients. NO EXCEPTIONS. EVERY single one of our anesthesia providers has extensive academic hospital experience with high acuity patients and has been employed by large teaching hospitals nationwide such as UCLA/LAC+USC Medical Centers in Los Angeles all the way to Medstar Georgetown University Medical Center in Washington, D.C., among many others at some point in their career. In addition to having experience with high acuity patients, every one of our providers also has tremendous private practice experience. 

These are two of the many prerequisites to be a member of our group, which ensures that we only have the absolute BEST anesthesia providers working for you. Zero exceptions. Furthermore, we all have extensive experience in private practice plastic surgery where we have provided and continue to provide high-caliber anesthesia care to the patients of some highly reputable and world-renowned plastic surgeons. Every provider is highly competent in providing autonomous and safe anesthesia care to every single one of our patients and are available for services 7 days a week, Monday through Sunday. 

We are more than happy to accommodate you and your facility's needs as it would be an honor to be trusted with your patients' perioperative anesthesia care! We pride ourselves in being extremely affable and strong proponents of patient safety with a tremendous skill set for providing the absolute best quality anesthesia care in every single one of its aspects. We are exclusive in not utilizing anesthesia providers who do not have extensive academic hospital AND private practice experience. This is part of our vision of providing our clients with only the best providers in the market and we hope you consider our professional group should you ever have a need for anesthesia services. We are very selective in our providers and believe that you and your patients deserve an anesthesia provider that is extremely easy and fun to work with, efficient, and highly skilled in every phase of anesthesia care.

d. VISION STATEMENT – 

The founders of Wang Anesthesia Management have seen it all. From past (and current) employments at several large academic hospital anesthesia practices to dozens of previous private practice anesthesia groups in the Southern California area, the founders never came across a private practice anesthesia group that embodied the fundamental principles that they had envisioned. After many years of seeing this, the motivation and drive to create an anesthesia practice that they had envisioned was realized. 

The vision was to create a boutique anesthesia practice where our providers are happy to work because they feel vested into our practice because they are treated like they deserved to be. We foster open lines of communication and prioritize our providers’ overall well-being knowing full well that only long lasting relationships with both our providers and clients can only exist with our providers being happy first. And we do so by treating each and every one of our providers well. We do not cut corners and only use the best providers in order to be the best. In return, they are compensated well as they should be for they are what makes us who we are. 

Our vision is to create a boutique anesthesia group of only the highest qualified professionals who are happy and proud to work for the premiere private practice anesthesia group in Southern California as they provide the absolute best anesthetic care in all of its aspects to every single patient that we are privileged to take care of. Unlike our competitors, we have stringent requirements for employment. This is the only way we can ensure that we only have the absolute best providers in the market and we do not take this lightly. Only by employing the best do our clients and patients get the best. And that, is our vision.

e. ABOUT THE FOUNDER – Simson Wang is a fully licensed certified registered nurse anesthetist who has a proven record of providing safe, effective, and compassionate anesthetic care to thousands of patients. Mr. Wang is board certified as a certified registered nurse anesthetist by the NBCRNA (National Board of Certification and Recertification for Nurse Anesthetists) and provides proficient anesthesia management to the pediatric, adult, and geriatric populations. Mr. Wang earned his Bachelor of Sciences degree in Biochemistry & Cell Biology from the University of California, San Diego in 2003 where he earned the prestigious Chancellor's Award for Service to the University. He then proceeded to engage in pharmaceuticals research, drug formulation, and drug production from 2003 to 2006. From 2006 to 2008, Mr. Wang moved on to complete his registered nursing intensive and critical care academic program at Moorpark College where he ranked #1 in his class with a 4.00 GPA and graduated with the highest honor of Summa Cum Laude. While holding multiple leadership positions during his academic program, Mr. Wang was also a volunteer mentor and tutor to his classmates and underclassmen. In 2008, Mr. Wang gained acceptance to and started his critical care residency at the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles where he spent the next two years providing care to critically ill patients in the hospital's intensive care units. From 2010 to 2012, Mr. Wang gained acceptance to and completed his anesthesia residency at the University of Southern California, Keck School of Medicine where he graduated with honor of Cum Laude with a graduate degree in nurse anesthesiology. Upon completing his anesthesia training, Mr. Wang became board certified in nurse
anesthesiology and has since currently and successfully held multiple positions at large medical and surgery centers where he continues to provide compassionate and safe anesthesia care during a person's most vulnerable of moments. He has since returned to and is currently a senior staff anesthetist at the UCLA Ronald Reagan Medical Center as well as the UCLA Health System.

f. CONTACT US – I just want a blank query page where visitors to the site can put in their name and contact info (name, email, phone number, message boxes) and have me contact them back. I just don’t want a ton of soliciting emails and phone calls. The business card, like we talked about, will be different and list my name, email, phone number, and website address.
THANKS A TON J-TOWN!!! ?